this boy is in
shock his family's home was a struck by
Israeli shelling along with others east
of the city of rafah in southern Gaza
dozens of people were
killed among so much a tragedy some good
the cries of a baby rescued alive from
under
Rubble Israeli attacks are wiping out
entire
families our house was bombed at dawn my
brother his wife and three children have
been killed we don't know why they
bombed us that's it they bombed the
children who were three four and five
years
old the grief of having to bury loved
one is too much for
some
this place and traumatized residents
from northern Gaza were ordered by the
Israeli military to move further south
to avoid being bombed only to get killed
within weeks and sometimes within days
of their arrivals more than a million
people Sheltering in RAF city with most
feeling unsafe and forgotten as the war
continues the families of kab and ab and
Ali were killed a lot of children were
killed the 7-month pregnant wife of
musab was killed along with her unborn
child what can we do where can we go the
Earth has narrowed this is our last
distress call save us rescue
us a quick funeral prayer for the dead
then the bodies of young and old are
carefully stacked on top of each other
for what will be their final
Journey
Han mahm Al jaaz RAF Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz